what are some like beginner seo mistakes
that you see
people making whether it just be copy or
just on their websites in general
one of the biggest things that drives me
nuts is the mistaken belief that a page
has to be a certain length
i'm all for looking at the data and
analyzing saying okay pages that are
three thousand words tend to outrank
pages that are two hundred the problem
is when that's the focus for your seo
you're completely ignoring are those
three thousand words
valuable and when you're putting a word
count ahead of the experience of the
copy the message of the copy
the conversion elements of the copy then
your priorities are out of whack